The objectives of normal form.
To free the database from unwanted insertions,
updates, and deletion dependencies.
It's pretty simple. If I have to update my data,
do I want to do this in one place or many places?
Ideally, I want to go and update that data in just one place.
Again, it just seems natural.
It seems it makes logical sense.
Number two, to reduce the need for
refactoring the database as new types of data are introduced.
When a new piece of information is added, for example,
our company is now collecting email addresses for our customers,
we don't want to have to completely change our data model and collection of tables.
We should either be able to simply add a column or
a new table with a foreign key especially if we have normalized tables,
we want to make sure we can just add a new table with a foreign key.
We don't want to have to go through and read each row and edit each row.
Also think about other applications using your database.
If you make human exchanges,
it may affect those applications.
Number three, to make the relational model more informative to users.
The relational model should be very intuitive
and make sense to others, just like good code.
These models should model real life concepts.
Number four, to make the database neutral to the query statistics.
Try not to design your tables for particular queries.
Try to make sure every
all new information and insights can be gathered from the tables over time.
So please note, this is
the exact opposite of what we discussed when we were learning about
NoSQL tables and we were talking about
Apache Cassandra and modeling our tables to our queries.
This is the exact opposite of that.